Doubt and fear surround me—
The way ahead not clear.
Through uncertainty you guide me;
I know you’re always near.
Life may not be easy,
But this I know is true:
You’re the God who’s ever loyal;
My life is safe with you.
Jehovah, give me eyes of faith
And help me always see
There are more with us than against us.
Courageous let me be.
Courage, give me courage;
With courage, I’ll endure.
Jehovah, give me courage;
Your victory is sure.
Feeling fear is human.
In my own strength, I’m frail.
You have been my rock and refuge;
Your power never fails.
Help me be courageous,
And let my heart be brave.
Lasting harm can never hold me—
No prison, gate, or grave.
Jehovah, give me eyes of faith
And help me always see
There are more with us than against us.
Courageous let me be.
Courage, give me courage;
With courage, I’ll endure.
Jehovah, give me courage;
Your victory is sure.
Jehovah, give me eyes of faith
And help me always see
There are more with us than against us.
Courageous let me be.
Courage, give me courage;
With courage, I’ll endure.
Jehovah, give me courage;
Your victory is sure.